Question:
Link: Any online doctor consultation app such as practo etc.
Develop an Interactive Design Layout / Scheme for the assigned
application domain covering various aspects covered till Mid-sem of
the course that enhance the usability of the product. Factors such as
Shneiderman Design principles, Nielsen’s guidelines, Classical Design
Laws such as Vital Few, Law of Learning, Mental
Models, Closure, Learnability, Flexibility, Robustness, Primality,
Recency, Serial Position Effect, Inverted Pyramid, Asimov’s Laws,
etc.... This is only an illustrative list and you may exploit the
concepts covered thus far to the product of assigned in an apt manner.
(All concepts covered in the course so far..) You may depict
your design as wireframes etc. And in a development platform of your
choice. As explained in the class, generate a pdf of the overall work
with screen shots and relevant explanations of HCI concepts w.r.t
feature design and HCI / usability guidelines etc. With respect to the
assigned application domain, cover basic features
that would follow the 80-20 rule of HCI! [i.e for the assignment
application domain identify the critical 20% features first and focus
on the design of the same and supporting the rest 80% features in an
organised fashion]. In essence your design should strike the right
balance between Teslers and Vital Few laws of HCI. You may add new
features that would increase the usability of the product such as help
systems or other aspects as a HCI Designer. When you submit the final
report as a PDF let it be a as one overall PDF. The pdf / report
should clearly highlight the HCI concept being considered, apt screen
shots and major points that justify the HCI concept related to the
specific feature of the product. Upload one overall pdf to the class
room link. In addition to the pdf uploaded; you may choose to give
alternate image files / web links of the wireframes etc. –last page of
the report can include such additional links.


Comments from the Professor - POST evaluation
DH(50): 40
Comments: Onlien Doctor Consulation app - dense footer with redesign less 
clutter. dual search bar and proposed desgin good - doctor cards are less 
crowded in proposed desgin good - better onbaroding- instantly book doctors 
solution - slot selection booking existing and proposed desings are good 
improvement  - home page and help page with good active designs - pwd 
maskign overcome in proposed desgin - forced chennai selection, auto 
detection in proposed - oerall good designs and approach ./ effort. but 
depth of more design laws, learnability, flexibility etc, heuristics in 
full requires in depth exploration but overall good submission.
B Sivaselvan